hila woodpecker's nest in holes they've
drilled in the trunks of giant cacti
cactus wrens and thrashes like to build
their nests among as many spines as
possible to protect their chicks they're
all waiting to cash in on the cactus B
Gold Rush
[Music]
for just a few days thousands of bees
emerge from the ground to mate males
fight for females resulting in chaotic
mating rules
food for everyone
[Music]
but where to start so many to choose
from
the birds use all sorts of different
tactics and snare as many bees as they
can
a long bill certainly helps
[Music]
to succeed in this desert you must
always be ready to seize the moment and
[Music]
why share
in a matter of hours thousands of bees a
court to fuel the next generation
[Music]